I need to see Sergeant Grant.
Sergeant Athena Grant.
Sergeant. someone's asking for you.
- Who is it?
- He's over there.
You know him?
Mm-mmm. Never seen him a day in my life.
Sir. I'm Sergeant Grant.
Can I help you?
I'm here about a murder.
All right. Whose murder?
Mine.
Williams. radio for an RA unit.
Get a medic down here now.
Yes. Sergeant.
Mr. Buckley. Dr. Hoffman.
- What are you in for?
- A car accident.
I broke three ribs a few weeks back
and couldn't get a follow-up with my GP.
- Any port in a storm.
- Yeah.
All right.
let's take a look here.
- Tender. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
I'm not seeing any bruising.
What's your pain level on a scale of ten?
Eight. uh. maybe even a nine.
Let's see what we can do about that.
Mr. Buckley. it says here you've been
to three different doctors this month?
Uh. yeah. every port seems busy. so…
It also says no provider in California
treated you for broken ribs.
No. uh. I was injured in New Mexico.
and treated at a local hospital there.
And did they prescribe opioids for that?
I'm looking at the CURES database.
You know what that stands for?
No.
Controlled Substance
Review and Evaluation.
I have to consult it
every time I prescribe a Schedule II.
You want to guess
how many times your name's in it?
Listen. I'm-I'm a firefighter.
Yeah. I can't do my job if I'm hurting.
You can't do it
if you're high as a kite either.
Doctor shopping is a form of fraud.
- Firefighter.
- Okay. I never take them when I'm at work.
I-I'm not some kind of drug fiend.
Okay. it's only been five weeks.
And if you use opioids recreationally.
it only takes five days
to develop a dependency.
I'm surprised this didn't ping earlier.
It takes the system a time to catch up.
but Mr. Buckley.
it has caught up with you.
You know. actually. I-I think
I'm going to get a second opinion.
No. you won't.
I'm flagging your name in the system.
Okay. so what am I supposed to do now?
Get some help.
Now careful.
that thing stays with you for life.
Okay. but a firehouse tattoo.
that's classic. right?
Look. look right here. right here. 118.
What if you get fired?
Give me that grease gun.
I don't know. I just need something
that says I'm not a cadet anymore.
you know. I've-I've arrived.
I'm… I'm grown.
Harry.
You left your night guard at Mom's again.
This couldn't wait
till the end of the shift?
But Mommy knows
how you grind your teeth.
So does the whole bunk room.
Hey… …I didn't see you there.
I was. uh. under the truck.
- Right.
- How are you?
I'm good. And you?
Good. Good.
A-Anything new?
- No. well. sort of.
- Hey.
You ready to roll. I don't want
to get a parking ticket.
Uh. it's a fire zone.
I feel like this whole place is.
Yeah. yeah. uh. no worries. I'm done here.
Oh. guys. this is Ian.
He's a nurse over at Presbyterian.
Ian. this is my little brother Harry.
And Ravi.
What's going on fellas?
'Sup.
Hey. uh. you know.
if you want to hang here
with your brother and his friends.
I can push the reservation.
Oh. no. no. I'm ready. Let's go.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Well. it was great meeting y'all.
Big fan of what you do for the community.
And don't forget to brush it.
You don't want it getting smelly again.
Stop.
Who the hell was that?
How am I supposed to know?
She's your sister.
Uh… Aren't you dating her?
What?
No. you told me not to.
I… I told you you could.
If I changed firehouses.
Bro. that was a quip. okay.
Did you at least call her?
No. you didn't.
I think you blew it. bro.
Bernard Morelli. 58.
he lives alone in Angelino Heights.
I don't think we've met.
Ben Hooks. Major Crimes.
The case dropped in my lap an hour ago.
Yeah.
He dropped on my floor.
Athena Grant.
Have you. uh.
talked to the doctors already?
I did. It's gonna be a day or two
till toxicology report comes back.
In supportive care
till we know what we're dealing with.
They're thinking poison?
Mmm. Something rare.
I've seen arsenic. mercury. lead.
This ain't that.
- You got any leads?
- One.
Last person he spoke to.
Me.
He walked into the station.
asked for you specifically.
Why?
I've been racking my brain.
I never forget a face. and that name...
Morelli doesn't ring a bell?
Uh-uh. Not a jingle.
So you spoke to him?
No. he spoke to me
and then he vomited blood.
What'd he say?
That he was there
to report a murder. his own.
And I'm inclined to believe it.
They're talking about…
…notifying his next of kin.
We should do that.
We?
The man came directly to me.
I would like to know why.
Ian Bradley.
Right. he's 30.
which is like a decade older than May.
- Aren't you like 30?
- Not yet.
And that's not the point.
I mean. where's she meeting 30-year-olds?
I think they met
getting arrested together.
- What?
- Yeah.
May got arrested at Presbyterian.
It was this whole social justice thing.
protecting a dying guy's rights.
Can't compete with that.
- Can't compete with what?
- May's new boyfriend.
Wait. hold up.
- You and May?
- Yeah.
They. uh. had an evening.
Ravi never called her.
Ravs. not very chivalrous.
That's not what happened.
So now she's dating this new nurse
from Presbyterian. Ian Bradley.
Oh. the new guy.
Okay. Go. May.
New guy? How new?
I mean. it looks like he's only
been a nurse for about a year.
Well. he's 30.
What's he been doing this whole time?
- Who's 30?
- The nurse at Presbyterian
- that May's dating.
- Oh. nice. Which one?
Ian Bradley. former pro football player.
- Damn.
- Let me see that.
He ran a 4.4 40?
Damn it.
- So May and Ravi…
- Were an item apparently.
but then he ghosted her. didn't even call.
Look. I did not ghost her.
Harry told me not to call.
Bro. it was a quip.
- What are we quipping about?
- Ravi dumped May. totally ghosted her.
Now she's dating
some famous football player.
- And Ravi still has feelings for her.
- Why did you ghost her?
Two seasons in the NFL
doesn't make you famous. all right?
Well. he's more famous than you. so.
I don't need fame. I'm a first responder.
- So is he.
- He's a nurse.
That's a second responder.
I can't believe Buck is missing this.
Where is Buck? Anybody seen him?
Okay. come on.
Come on. You're good.
You're good.
Good job. man.
Good job. good job.
Pete Morelli.
- We have a word?
- About what?
Your father.
So. what'd he do this time?
He's currently in the ICU.
The doctors think
he might have been poisoned.
Is he gonna be okay?
It's hard to say.
We're waiting for him
to regain consciousness.
All the doctors can do is supportive care
until we know what's in his system.
Well. um.
whatever it is.
I just hope that it's slow and painful.
I take it you weren't on the best of terms
with your father.
I haven't spoken to my father in years.
not since he walked out chasing a story.
and left me
with my stage-four pancreatic mother.
Um. I'm sorry.
He wasn't. She died alone.
You said he was chasing a story.
He's an investigative journalist.
I can't say I know his byline.
Because he writes under a pseudonym.
Chester Caulfield.
Bit pretentious.
but he said it was for his own safety.
So he has enemies?
Politicians. CEOs.
criminals. and the cartel. the mob.
I'm sorry. but if you guys are looking
for who might want to kill my father.
guys got your work cut out for you.
Mr. Malloy.
would you like an attorney present?
I'm good.
Nothing to hide.
You've bossed Local 977 for three decades.
When did you first meet Chester?
At my office. sniffing trash cans.
Is that the same office where you
embezzled $2 million in union dues?
- That's his story.
- I don't know about you.
but an accusation like that
would piss me off.
- I moved on.
- Yeah. you were booted out.
right after he exposed that.
as city controller.
you took kickbacks from phony nonprofits.
Exposed? I'd say insinuated.
His reports were full of omissions.
It was full of emissions.
You lied to the EPA
about your benzene count.
We're committed to the environment.
- You're an oil company.
- I'm a "green-fluencer."
You preach the truth about pollution?
Yes. and skin care.
Is that why you sold lip gloss
with microplastics?
It was a sponsored post.
What's the big deal?
Cancer?
- He had a personal vendetta.
- It was a witch hunt.
That muckraker kicked
every anthill he could find.
Sooner or later you get bit.
If I wanted to kill the guy.
I'd do it barehanded.
They're all liars.
He blew the whistle on every one of them.
No wonder everyone hates him.
Yeah.
Sorry to interrupt.
Those tox results are in.
They find our poison?
Morelli's urine tested positive
for polonium-210.
Sounds nuclear.
Radioactive. actually.
It's an alpha emitter.
Cooks you from the inside out.
Like a hot dog in the microwave.
How would a person
get their hands on some?
Well. this quantity wouldn't be simple.
Small amounts are used in satellites
and anti-static brushes.
and of course there's its best known use.
Which is?
Russian political assassinations.
Everyone's spread thin.
We're aware it's an emergency.
Hey Josh. what did the Montgrove ER say?
They're backed up. same as Presbyterian.
I'll try St. Ray's.
I have a caller
experiencing chest pains.
Dispatch a BLS unit
until the ER can take them.
I can't. We don't have any RAs in service.
Monitor symptoms and come and get me
if it looks like it's a cardiac event.
It's a no go at St. Ray's.
Congratulations.
you just hit your first level zero.
You're telling me that there are
no ambulances
because every ambulance in LA
is stuck at a hospital?
How is that even possible?
The dark triad of spring break.
flu season. and Dodger dogs.
all we can do is sit tight
until the logjam clears.
So what do we say now? "911. hold please"?
- It's worth a try.
- Why do I feel like this is all my fault?
We field calls as we get them.
just like any other first responder.
You're not an air traffic controller.
and you're not God.
No. I'm just the boss.
- Hey.
We're fifth in line at Presbyterian
with an open globe injury.
Anything you can do to grease the skids?
Yeah. I'm working on it.
Hey. come on. what's the holdup?
These people need help.
What'd she say?
She's a little testy.
Level zero's not fun for anyone.
and you never see it coming.
All right. we're moving.
Thank you
for your patience. everyone.
We're getting you through
as fast as we can.
Hey. Ravi. Ravi.
Harry. and Ravi. right?
I promise I'll get you in
as quickly as I can.
What a gentleman.
Should've called her. Ravs.
We just sat down to eat.
and it's like he can't catch his breath.
We're at Jim's Burgers on 1st.
What's your name. ma'am?
Jillian. And my son is Micah.
He's ten. He's getting over a cold.
I can't.
Don't try to talk.
Is that whistling sound his breathing?
Yes. I-I-I think his throat is closing up.
Oh. God. Micah.
It's okay. Stay with me.
Does he have any allergies?
Known medical history?
He was born with a laryngeal cleft.
- It's a gap between his larynx and...
- His esophagus.
- What type?
- Type one. mild.
His doctor said we'd be fine
without a surgery.
- And we were...
- Until he got a bad cold.
Congestion's blocking his airway.
I still don't have any units.
If we don't get someone there in five.
he could lose his life.
We can call for mutual aid
from Beverly Hills FDA.
It'll take 20 minutes.
- What's the nearest hospital?
- Six blocks away?
So we have five minutes
to get them six blocks.
She's freaking out. Maddie.
If she stays and does compressions.
he might be able to make it.
- Yeah. or he won't.
- It's your call.
Let Presbyterian know they're coming.
Ma'am. Hi. my name is Maddie.
I'm the supervisor here
and I need you to do something for me.
I'll do anything. please.
He-He's turning blue.
There's an ER just a few blocks away.
I need you to get your son
in the car and drive.
- Can you do that?
- Yeah. I can do that.
Keep breathing. Okay. just keep breathing.
It's okay. it's okay.
Okay. take care. Mrs. Davies.
and watch out for straws.
Hold on. Captain.
I got one more form for you.
Right. Thanks.
Presbyterian ER. go ahead.
This is Josh Russo
with Emergency Services.
We have a pediatric priority one
coming to you now.
Known laryngeal cleft with stridor
progressing to total obstruction.
- How far out?
- Two to three minutes.
Coronado and Beverly. self-drive.
Make a right out of the exit
and then a left on 3rd Street.
- How many blocks?
- Four. You're doing great.
- Just keep driving.
- Okay.
Uh… Excuse me. I got a P1P.
He's hitting the door in three.
prep an airway kit.
Oh. God. Micah.
I know he sounds bad.
but you have to ignore it. okay?
Whatever you hear.
do not look in the back seat.
Okay. I'm looking at traffic
and it's clear.
Just focus on the road.
and you'll be there in no time.
- We've let them know you're coming.
- It stopped.
- He's not breathing.
- Focus on the road. You're almost there.
Micah.
No. no. no. no. Micah. wake up.
Jillian. are you there?
Jillian. Jillian. are you there?
- We're not gonna make it.
- What do we do?
What do you mean what do we do?
Your peds patient
was in a crash on Beverly.
Where's that airway kit?
Excuse me. excuse me. excuse me.
- Yeah.
- How long until you're back in service?
- Oh. Where's he going?
- I don't know. but he's fast.
All right. let's go. let's go. let's go.
Follow that nurse.
- All right.
- Come on. let's go.
Okay. You'll be all right.
Buck. let's get that main shut off.
Ravi. Harry. de-energize the car.
LAFD. Make way. coming through.
Stay with me. buddy.
- You intubating?
- Almost done.
I've got you.
Come on. kiddo.
Come on. come on.
Come on. kiddo. Come on. come on.
Come on. kiddo.
There you go.
Bilateral A. clear.
My baby.
Dispatch. we are on scene
with your patient.
He is stable and breathing.
thanks to a very athletic charge nurse.
You guys pulled this one off.
Barely.
Bless that Nurse Bradley.
- When did he wake up?
- Attending said 40 minutes ago.
Is he coherent?
Yeah. and stubborn as hell.
- What'd he say?
- I don't know. He'll only talk to you.
Mr. Morelli.
Sergeant Grant.
Thank you for coming.
Of course.
You're wondering why I asked for you.
I have to admit I'm curious.
Have we met?
Apart from defiling your desk?
No. we have not.
But I know all about you. Sergeant Grant.
LAPD veteran with a storied career.
not looking for advancement.
who chooses to work the streets.
And how do you know any of that about me?
I even know you were the unnamed passenger
who landed a jumbo jet on the 110 freeway.
You were going to write a story about me.
It was a good story. but I am not
in the habit of exposing heroes
who choose to remain anonymous.
You weren't looking for accolades.
I respect that.
I know I can trust you.
Have they told you what killed me yet?
Mr. Morelli. you're not dead.
Of course I am.
There's no antidote or treatment
for acute polonium-210 poisoning.
I have a couple of days.
maybe less.
to see you put the cuffs
on the one who's responsible.
Mr. Morelli. I'm not a detective.
You don't have to be.
I'm going to tell you who did it.
All you have to do is test
the murder weapon.
Murder weapon?
Water bottle on my bike.
Locked up outside your police station.
Somebody spiked it.
And you say you know who.
For God's sakes.
don't share this with anybody
until you get the results.
Especially not that detective who was
conveniently assigned to this case.
Test the bottle.
Polonium-210 carries a chemical signature.
Every batch can be traced back
to the manufacturer.
And if I'm right. you will find a nexus
with the name I'm about to tell you.
Sergeant. would you care to explain to me
why I just got a call from the crime lab
telling me that the test results on my
water bottle will be ready in eight hours?
That's good news because they told me 12.
What the hell is going on?
Morelli.
He thinks his assailant spiked
his water bottle.
So the lab is running tests to see
if there are traces of polonium-210.
When did he tell you this?
When I sat down with him.
There some reason
you didn't mention it to me?
Uh. yeah.
When I promised a dying man
that I wouldn't.
What are you playing at. Sergeant?
I was just waiting for the test to come
back before I shared this with you.
Summit Towers.
Constructed in 2019 but never finished.
Yeah. I heard of those. The developers
ran out of funds during COVID.
Yeah. that's what they claim.
But Morelli was about
to tell the world something else.
Oh. you think someone poisoned him
because of an unfinished condo?
No. not someone.
Him.
Nicola Castro.
- You're familiar?
- Yeah.
My kid's school has a wing
named after him.
He's a real estate mogul.
And a go-between for Russian investors.
Morelli was about
to blow his financials wide open
and prove that Summit Towers
was never supposed to be finished.
Why did someone start
building a 30-story tower
with no plan to finish them?
To claim it as a loss. which Castro did.
And then he laundered billions
of dollars for his friends in Moscow.
And then what? He went to the KGB playbook
to silence Bernard Morelli?
He says he has receipts.
Polonium-210 has a chemical fingerprint.
We can trace it back
to where it was manufactured.
and I'd be willing
to bet money that it's here.
Orrok Nuclear Works in Glazov.
Owned by…
- Nicola Castro.
- Yeah.
So what do you think?
I think I should follow up on all this.
Okay. All right.
Well. I'll go through Bernard's notebooks.
and we can start building our case.
I'm gonna handle that too.
Sergeant. I spoke to my captain.
She's not thrilled
that a patrol sergeant is tagging along
on something as high profile as this.
Tagging along?
Yeah. her words.
You've been a great asset.
Until I brought you a suspect
that you won't touch?
I didn't say that.
It'd be smarter not to.
School wings. very expensive.
Thank you for your help. Sergeant.
Get yourself a detective shield next time.
Uh… Hey. Hey. Eddie.
Hey.
It's a bad day when you got
to restock antidiarrheals.
Yeah.
Um…
Hey. I. uh…
I-I-I need your help with something.
What's up?
Uh. trucks.
What. uh... What's your take on-on trucks?
Um…
- Pro?
- Um…
I'm-I'm thinking of. uh.
of switching it up.
Yeah?
What's wrong with your old truck?
I just… I don't really haul anything. uh.
so maybe it's a waste
to-to have a-a truck.
Hmm.
I don't know. Still a truck guy.
I. uh…
I think I'm a hatchback guy.
You do not look
like a hatchback guy. You look…
terrible.
Uh. no. I'm-I'm-I'm fine.
No. that's not fine.
Just a little
food poisoning. you know.
Bad sushi. I think.
We all had that sushi.
- Hey. Eddie?
- Yeah?
I think you left your phone in here.
Your locker's ringing.
It could be Christopher.
Hopefully. he didn't eat that sushi.
- Let's go. Buck. look alive.
- Yeah.
I'm so sorry. Bernard.
I really am.
I hoped I could bring you
some justice today.
Just know that I'm not giving up on this.
It doesn't matter now anyway.
Maybe none of it ever did.
I can't believe that.
You have got to know
that your work made a difference.
Did it?
For all the good I was trying to do…
I hurt so many people.
Burned every bridge.
Pushed all my friends away.
Abandoned my wife.
Alienated my son.
And now who is here to mourn me?
No.
Chester Caulfield might get a decent obit.
But Bernard Morelli died a long time ago.
Alone.
You are not alone.
Hey. Hey. Chim.
Buckley. what did I tell you
about interrupting me
while I'm doing after-action reports?
You need to fire me.
I think a warning would be enough.
No. no. you…
You have to fire me
for stealing meds from the rig.
What did you take?
Nothing. but. um…
Fentanyl almost.
Buck. that's a felony.
I know it is.
And I… I put it back. all of it.
but only because the tones went off.
And I don't know
if I trust myself to do that again.
How long have you been using?
Since the car accident in New Mexico.
They prescribed me oxycodone.
and I… I ran out.
I need it. I…
I-I needed it. Chim.
Are you high right now?
No. no. never at work.
Yeah. you look like you've been
in withdrawal what. a day or two?
Have you told anyone else about this?
Your sister. Eddie. anybody?
Uh. just you. Captain.
Buck…
Protocol says I relieve you of duty.
Report this so the department
can determine when. if ever.
you come back to work.
and if you face criminal charges.
Or…
Or we keep this in house.
And watch you like a hawk
and risk my own career.
No. No. I-I won't let you do that.
That's why you have to fire me.
Well. I'm not gonna let you off that easy.
You came to me for help.
and that's what we're gonna get you. okay?
Starting tonight after I call the chief.
It's not fair to the citizens
of Los Angeles
to rob them of such a stellar firefighter.
And I'm hoping he'll see it that way too.
Chim… Chim. this isn't… this is not me.
Buck. I know. I know.
You're not the first person
to get hooked after an injury. okay?
And given the timing.
I can't say that I'm shocked.
What-What is…
What is that supposed to mean?
Buck. this week it'll be one year
since we lost Bobby.
I didn't… I didn't remember.
I must've blocked it out.
Well. that's grief.
You don't see it coming and then
it sucker punches you in the face.
Bernard. can you hear me?
I have someone here who wants to see you.
Hey. Dad.
Peter.
How did she talk you into it?
She's a very persuasive woman.
I'll give you two some privacy.
It's good to see you. Son.
Then why'd you leave?
Me. Mom.
She died in a bed just like this one.
Looking like you are right now. Why?
Just to write some story?
I thought I was protecting you.
I don't understand.
There was always threats.
Danger.
If I… I couldn't stay
and keep you safe.
You could've quit.
I'm so sorry. Son.
I really am.
I'm sorry too. Dad.
It's okay.
I'm gonna get
what few newshounds ever get.
An ending.
Dad.
Dad. Dad.
We just need a moment.
Did you say everything
that you needed to say?
I don't know.
Uh… Maybe.
Not really.
Maybe he did.
He was a brave man. your father.
Was he?
He believed deeply in justice.
I can understand that.
Put your hands behind your back.
How did you know?
Before I came to see you.
I got a call from the crime lab.
We tested the water bottle on his bike.
The one that you spiked.
Educational levels of polonium-210
retraced back to your science class.
You must've squirreled away for years
to get enough for a lethal dose.
Teachers are nothing
if not patient. I guess.
He really was a terrible father.
Oh. yeah.
I can see that.
This feels wrong.
We're searching his house
like he's a criminal.
We are not. We are just making it easier
for him to get better
by removing any future temptation.
I knew something was wrong.
and he convinced me I was overreacting.
It's just part of the cycle.
You ask questions. he deflects.
then you feel guilty for doubting him.
Now I'm wishing I would've questioned
more after New Mexico.
You're letting me win?
Uh. yes. sorry.
I. uh... I got a little distracted.
It sucks to have people
touching your stuff.
Yeah.
Also just sucks 'cause they're doing it
'cause they don't trust me.
Would you trust you?
Probably not.
Looks like it's clear. He wasn't lying.
There's nothing to find here.
Thanks for not making me look.
There are just some things
a sister doesn't wanna know.
You think I made the right decision
letting him recover here?
Maybe he should be in a facility
where he can be supervised.
He has an ex-nurse.
three paramedics. and two EMTs.
I think he's good on supervision.
Well. a little elevated.
but that's not unexpected.
Hey. what do you think the disciplinary
committee's gonna do to me?
I think they're gonna take it seriously.
But also take into consideration
that you reported yourself.
You worked within chain of command.
You and that chain of command.
I know you see it as this thing
that holds you back. but it… it's not.
It's the thing that ties us all together.
So that no one person
has to carry the weight alone.
Yeah. I guess.
I think this one might be Maddie's.
I'll put that to the side.
- I'm gonna grab the drinks.
- Okay.
Oh. hi. Ravi.
How you doing? Good to see you.
Uh. you too.
I think this is your order. but I'm pretty
sure they screwed it up.
Uh. should be fine.
Uh. Ian seems pretty cool.
Yeah. I heard you guys
did a case together.
You saved a kid's life.
- Yeah. he did most of the saving.
- Oh.
I just watched and marveled.
I-I get the appeal.
I hope you guys are really happy together.
Together? Uh. Ravi. we're not…
I am not dating Ian.
Since when?
Always.
I mean. he's just helping me figure out
this whole nursing school thing.
You want to be a nurse?
- I know it sounds crazy...
- No. it sounds perfect.
May. I think you'd be great at anything.
Hey. you're up.
Hey.
Uh. yeah. how-how long was I out?
Well. you were asleep when I got here.
and that was about five hours ago.
Look. I'm-I'm sorry.
No. don't be.
Mmm. You must've needed it.
No. I-I mean. uh…
I'm sorry about the anniversary.
I'm sure the last thing you wanna
be doing today is babysitting me.
We take care of each other.
Every day.
So being right here is exactly
where I'm supposed to be.
You know. he's. uh… he's been
on my mind these past few days.
Mmm.
And I know this is weird to say.
but I feel like I know him now
in a way that I… I didn't a year ago.
He really loved you. Buck.
But I think he would've wished
that part had remained a mystery.
Dispatch says we need
a vehicular extraction.
so we roll up expecting
an accident scene.
Instead. we find a girl locked in her car.
and she can't figure out
how to open the door.
- She couldn't pull the handle herself?
- Apparently not.
So Bobby tries everything. right?
He's shouting. He's gesturing.
But she's freaking out.
is not listening to him.
She has a full-blown panic attack.
So Bobby decides that we have
to break the window. so we do.
And then when he reaches in
to help her out…
She sprays him in the face.
With what. like pepper spray?
- An air freshener.
- Okay.
Oh. What did we miss?
Somebody sprayed Bobby with air freshener.
Oh. yeah.
He smelled like lavender for three days.
That poor kid in the car.
she must've been traumatized.
She was 26.
You feeling better?
Yeah. Yeah. I am.
I really think
I'm through the worst of it.
Mmm.
Oh.
It's midnight.
We survived the year.
Yeah. he got us through.
To Bobby.